Add jupyter notebook integration. (#2051)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/rw-integration-summary.md

|Cube.js| | Available. See the [documentation of Cube](https://cube.dev/docs/product/configuration/data-sources/postgres) for details.|
|DBeaver| | Available. See [Connect DBeaver to RisingWave](/guides/dbeaver-integration.md) for details. |
|Grafana| |Available. See [Visualize RisingWave data in Grafana](/guides/grafana-integration.md) for details.|

> |Jupyter Notebook||Available. For this integration, you can use a PostgreSQL python driver, such as Psycopg 2, to connect to risingwave. There is no difference from writing a normal python app. See [Use RisingWave in your Python application](/dev/go-client-libraries.md) for details.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Jupyter Notebook||Available. For this integration, you can use a PostgreSQL Python driver, such as `psycopg2`, to connect to RisingWave. There is no difference from writing a normal python app. See [Use RisingWave in your Python application](/dev/python-client-libraries.md) for details.|
```

Author: Yes. Good catch. Thanks!
